README.md, before:

# docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes
DocuSign Signature Appliance: API Recipes

The DocuSign Signature Appliance supports several APIs. This repo includes example programs for them.

For more information on the APIs, including Hello World examples and reference documentation, please contact your DocuSign Account Executive.

## DocuSign Signature Appliance Web Agent API
- [PHP-WP-CoSign-forms](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-web-agent/PHP-WP-CoSign-forms) A WordPress plugin that processes web form data, converts it to a PDF by using [WebMerge](http://webmerge.me), and then digitally signs the PDF via the WebAgent API.

## DocuSign Signature Appliance Local API
- [Hello World examples](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-local/Hello-World-examples). Hello World (sign a PDF) in multiple languages.
- [C-Sharp-Sign-PDFs](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-local/C-Sharp-Sign-PDFs). Sign existing and new signature fields in PDF files.
- [C-Sharp-Sign-docx](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-local/C-Sharp-Sign-docx). Sign a Word file. Note: the file is not converted to a PDF for signing. 
- [C-Sharp-Sign-XML](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-local/C-Sharp-Sign-XML). Sign an XML file. Note: the file is not converted to a PDF. Includes verification example.
- [C-Sharp-Sign-PDF-with-Field-Locators](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-local/C-Sharp-Sign-PDF-with-Field-Locators). Use signature Field Locators to sign a PDF file.
- [C-Sharp-Detached-Signature](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-local/C-Sharp-Detached-Signature). Signing a data buffer. The signature is stored in a separate .p7b file.
- [C-Sharp-Annotate-and-sign-with-iTextSharp](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-local/C-Sharp-Annotate-and-sign-with-iTextSharp). Demonstrates how to annotate and sign a PDF using the iTextSharp library.

## DocuSign Signature Appliance SOAP API
- [Hello World examples](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-soap/Hello-World-examples). Hello World (sign a PDF) in multiple languages.
- [C-Sharp-User-Management-and-signing](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-soap/C-Sharp-User-Management-and-signing). Uses the CoSign Signature SOAP User Management API. Also demonstrates PDF signing.
- [C-Sharp-Sign-PDF-with-Field-Locators](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-soap/C-Sharp-Sign-PDF-with-Field-Locators). Use signature Field Locators to sign a PDF file.
- [Java-User-Management](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-soap/Java-User-Management). User Management API with Java NetBeans.
- [Java-Sign-PDF-with-Field-Locators](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-soap/Java-Sign-PDF-with-Field-Locators). Use signature Field Locators to sign a PDF file.

Commit message:

Added info on the WebAgent Node.JS hello world

README.md, after:

# docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes
DocuSign Signature Appliance: API Recipes

The DocuSign Signature Appliance supports several APIs. This repo includes example programs for them.

For more information on the APIs, including Hello World examples and reference documentation, please contact your DocuSign Account Executive.

## DocuSign Signature Appliance Web Agent API
- [Hello World Example](https://github.com/docusign/recipe-dsa-014-web-agent) A Node.JS example of signing a PDF file via the Web Agent. You can try the example, for free, on Heroku.
- [PHP-WP-CoSign-forms](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-web-agent/PHP-WP-CoSign-forms) A WordPress plugin that processes web form data, converts it to a PDF by using [WebMerge](http://webmerge.me), and then digitally signs the PDF via the WebAgent API.

## DocuSign Signature Appliance Local API
- [Hello World examples](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-local/Hello-World-examples). Hello World (sign a PDF) in multiple languages.
- [C-Sharp-Sign-PDFs](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-local/C-Sharp-Sign-PDFs). Sign existing and new signature fields in PDF files.
- [C-Sharp-Sign-docx](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-local/C-Sharp-Sign-docx). Sign a Word file. Note: the file is not converted to a PDF for signing. 
- [C-Sharp-Sign-XML](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-local/C-Sharp-Sign-XML). Sign an XML file. Note: the file is not converted to a PDF. Includes verification example.
- [C-Sharp-Sign-PDF-with-Field-Locators](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-local/C-Sharp-Sign-PDF-with-Field-Locators). Use signature Field Locators to sign a PDF file.
- [C-Sharp-Detached-Signature](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-local/C-Sharp-Detached-Signature). Signing a data buffer. The signature is stored in a separate .p7b file.
- [C-Sharp-Annotate-and-sign-with-iTextSharp](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-local/C-Sharp-Annotate-and-sign-with-iTextSharp). Demonstrates how to annotate and sign a PDF using the iTextSharp library.

## DocuSign Signature Appliance SOAP API
- [Hello World examples](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-soap/Hello-World-examples). Hello World (sign a PDF) in multiple languages.
- [C-Sharp-User-Management-and-signing](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-soap/C-Sharp-User-Management-and-signing). Uses the CoSign Signature SOAP User Management API. Also demonstrates PDF signing.
- [C-Sharp-Sign-PDF-with-Field-Locators](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-soap/C-Sharp-Sign-PDF-with-Field-Locators). Use signature Field Locators to sign a PDF file.
- [Java-User-Management](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-soap/Java-User-Management). User Management API with Java NetBeans.
- [Java-Sign-PDF-with-Field-Locators](https://github.com/docusign/docusign-signature-appliance-api-recipes/tree/master/dsa-soap/Java-Sign-PDF-with-Field-Locators). Use signature Field Locators to sign a PDF file.
